With the increase in condition of broadcast during the snow fall,
government stations PCY silence is enough today,
I would like to take the command.
As auxu reson과비 1983.
The expectation of the imperial army against the south is increasing more and more.
In order to complete this, the need to strengthen the cooperation of the military and the people, the cooperation of the country, is increasing more and more.
We hope for your cooperation in the future.
The total battle of the imperial army, which has been in service for a year since the beginning of the Great East Japan War, has been announced in detail in detail in the Naro-Kazai
book, so I do not particularly apologize for this today.
With this, I will explain the situation of the military and the people of the south, but the
information of the military and the people.
Let us move on to Collected battle this time,
I and Ak scent jogging back to the Yodok Based High viola
Dealings!
Come back to rerun those will and sólo
I together to do
cutting
it
People are prisoners without vie for war issues.
However, the 15th People's Committee envy for ths never changing report.
mentality draws in among the hiring officers,
their commemorative equipment, and their
I, as a representative of Japan, would like to express my sincere condolences.